We Need to Talk so I've been having this
thought lately that like everything's my
fault good my fault bad my fault don't
have a job that I want my fault my
family is in the way that I want my
faith is in the way that I want my
weight isn't the way that I want I don't
lift as much as I want like all the
things I want in life it's all my fault
so in a minute I'll share kind of some
of the biggest mistakes I've ever made
in business and kind of in life and why
it's all kind of related to this one
idea probably probably should have done
one just with what like that's 2 for 11
so I've been seeing this like 20 places
recently I can know when God is trying
to tell me something that that's the
first thing that he does he puts
something everywhere so I'm trying to
listen and I saw recently Jason freed
posted something on Twitter to the
effect of seek fewer mentor be more
self-confident everybody's just waiting
for permission they want some mentor to
guide them and give them permission you
don't need any of that what I love most
is that he ended it he said there
they're waiting for that mentor to show
them the way there is no way and I think
that we all are just kind of asking for
permission to do what we already know we
should do everything I've ever done in
my life I already knew I just wanted
somebody who I felt like was smarter
than me to say yes I agree you should do
that and I wasted a ton of time I've
seen it in videos with Gary Vaynerchuk
I've seen it in videos of Tony Rob
[__] Tony Robbins it's all his events
even are it's just him giving permission
to people to do what they already know
they should do he's unlocking something
that's already within them you don't
need to ask permission I've even had
people meet ask permission from me like
who the heck am I to ask permission from
like you don't you don't need me what I
love is Seth Godin has this book called
what to do when it's your turn but the
subtitle is it's always your turn raise
your hand take your turn it's always
turn because the thing is you don't need
their permission I love chase Reeves
from fizzle says he's always just
waiting for that phone call like I guess
this is the phone maybe like funk the
iPhone like I know somebody does phone
like this anyway chases always has this
analogy of like he's waiting for the
phone call the phone call from Seth
Godin to say like hey chase you're doing
a great job I want you to come be my son
like Seth Godin is never going to call
you and give you approval and ask you to
be his marketing child like it's not
going to happen so what are we taking
our tournament for we're taking our turn
taking responsibility everything is your
fault everything is your responsibility
except if it's out of your control like
you get uncurable cancer something
tragic happens like if it's totally out
of your control I know this is callous
to say this but it's just my belief
system that like if it's not in your
control don't worry about it that sounds
really easy for me to say and just
espouse on YouTube but like it's true it
works when the horrible things are
happening in my family and in my life I
tried not to worry about anything that
was not in my control so I'm not talking
about that stuff I know it's difficult I
get them not talking about the crap
that's not in your control talking about
things that are in your control
everything that's in your control you
should be taking responsibility for I
should like I'm talking to you but I'm
really just talking to myself and the
thing is like that's why we buy coaching
and online courses and books and all
this other garbage that we don't need we
want those things to take some of the
responsibility off of ourselves we try
to give this responsibility to a course
well if I don't succeed well as the
courses fall if I don't if it doesn't
work out the software's fault it's not
it's your fault all the time it's your
responsibility not their those are just
tools everything is my responsibility
and here's the thing like here's the
pitfall that people fall into is that
like they think that if they give the
responsibility to somebody else
for some reason like they'll be able to
be more successful that person will
contribute their part and then you'll be
able to do the rest and you'll be
successful
it doesn't freaking work that way given
responsibility to somebody else for your
success is a job that's what you do it a
job your boss has some responsible
the you have some responsibility and you
being successful as a group is that
mostly their responsibility and if you
fail at a job like in part it's your
bosses responsibility that you didn't do
what you were supposed to do I'm not
afraid of the work I don't want this to
be a job it shouldn't be a job so I know
I said I was going to talk about some of
the biggest mistakes I've made in
business when I look back at all the
biggest mistakes I've ever made like the
two biggest ones it was because I tried
to give some responsibility to somebody
else I brought on a partner with no
written it not even a partner I brought
on a friend to work with me at gear
reviews with no written agreement none
and all of a sudden he saw that I was
making money he wanted some of that
money I told him no like you can have
some of the money from the projects you
work on but the base money like I built
this for years before you came here just
because you helped get some Facebook
fans for us and like wrote some things
and we're friends we're boys I don't
think that entitles you to any money and
he went off the rails trying to destroy
me destroy my reputation destroy the
business burn it all to the ground the
second time is when I hired a business
coach that I knew in my heart of hearts
was not the right fit for me I don't
think that business coach was the right
fit for anybody but definitely not for
me and I knew but all of the hype and
all of this everything I was just trying
to give some of that responsibility to
him if I hire him I'll be successful and
I forgot that I still had to do the work
it's always been me trying to give the
responsibility to somebody else but in
truth it's all on me it's all on you so
take it seriously
I've been running Hufford don't get to
work hard be nice people don't get to
law it's trying to make something that
matters